feat(menu-item): replace role with control-type attribute (VIV-2602) (#2381)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/menu-item/VARIATIONS.md

</vwc-menu>
```

## Control Type

The `control-type` attribute allows the Menu Item to become checkable and behave either as a checkbox or radio button.

When `control-type` is `radio`, only one Menu Item can be checked in the current section. Sections are separated by Dividers.

```html preview 330px
<vwc-menu open aria-label="Formatting">
	<vwc-menu-item control-type="checkbox" text="Bold"></vwc-menu-item>
	<vwc-menu-item control-type="checkbox" text="Italic"></vwc-menu-item>
	<vwc-menu-item control-type="checkbox" text="Underlined"></vwc-menu-item>
	<vwc-divider></vwc-divider>
	<vwc-menu-item control-type="radio" text="Small"></vwc-menu-item>
	<vwc-menu-item control-type="radio" text="Medium"></vwc-menu-item>
	<vwc-menu-item control-type="radio" text="Large"></vwc-menu-item>
	<vwc-divider></vwc-divider>
	<vwc-menu-item text="Clear formatting"></vwc-menu-item>
</vwc-menu>
```

> <vwc-note connotation="information">
> 	<vwc-icon slot="icon" name="info-line" label="Note:"></vwc-icon>
> 
> Previously, the `role` attribute was used to set the control type. This is now deprecated (as of 05/25) and replaced with the `control-type` attribute. Using `role` is still functional, but will be removed in a future major release.
> 
> </vwc-note>
> 

Reviewer: In other components docs we used "warning" connotation for prop deprecation note
```suggestion
<vwc-note connotation="warning" headline="Deprecated Prop: role">
	<vwc-icon slot="icon" name="warning-line" label="Warning:"></vwc-icon>

Previously, the `role` attribute was used to set the control type. This is now deprecated (as of 05/25) and replaced with the `control-type` attribute. Using `role` is still functional, but will be removed in a future major release.

</vwc-note>

```
